OK, so let's resume our production system deployment demonstration using Google Trends.
We did the complete setup for the deployment and we actually did the deployment.
The only thing that we haven't done from the deployment perspective is that we haven't added load balancers
to our system and what I mean by that.
Let's go back to our demonstration where we have all these workloads running and we have these services
running.
If you look at some of these services, which are external facing services, they are using a service
type called Northport.
So let's say this single page application web application that every time you Prometheus Cubana, Yegor
Kwadee, so all these application components that Alexis from my browser, so I'll have to.
What I mean by using browser is that I live to access them using the internet, so these services should
expose themselves to the internet.
So that part is being achieved right now to Northport.
Now, if I have to actually connect to the application, let's hit our web application to Northport.
What I have to do is that I have to go to compute engine.
Get to the law definitions and pick up any of the Nord, which is part of our Kubernetes cluster, or
take the public IP address of that and use that along with or eight zero not eight zero three two one
zero zero in case of error, we are using three two one zero zero.
Like I told you earlier, if I'll show you the config.
The service off their application running on Port Zero.
If you try to connect it on board, eight zero will not be able to connect to it, so we have exposed
it to Northport three two one zero zero.
And like you said, by age zero, I was not able to connect it.
I was able to connect that using Port three to one zero zero, which is the North Port, and this is
the port which is open on all of these nodes.
So this is something which will work for if we are doing test or if we are accessing development related
instances.
So that's it.
I would be OK with this.
If we are to use Northport for that, we go to services.
So if I have to use Northport for Cabana or Yegor, gritty night or every time you are Prometheus,
I'm okay with that because these are not the only applications exposed to and users, these are exposed
to the administrators.
So Northport is perfectly fine over there, but for their application, single page application, we
are not fine because these are the applications that are being used by customers or end users, so will
have to provide them an IP address.
And that IP address ideally should be mapped to a domain name.
But we haven't we don't have any domain name over here, so we are not going to use domain name.
We are directly going to use the IP address.
So this single page application also needs to directly connect to gateway service.
So get the services over here, and right now, if you see this, this is not even Northport this cluster,
which means it is not accessible by any plane which is outside of this particular at network.
So because single page application needs to access gateway service, so we need to change this cluster
IP to load balancer.
So similarly, for a single page app and web application that we need to change this Northport to load
balancer.
So that is something that we are going to do in this demonstration and see if we are able to access
our application using Load Balancer, which will use up public IP.
So let's go ahead and make that change.
So for that, we will go to let's first go to get service.
Let's start from there.
We're here, we will come in this type load balancer and we will come in this type cluster, I, I think
that should be enough.
Then let's go to our Web application here.
Oncoming load balancer and coming down port.
Similarly, we welcome any doubt.
This Northport actual port that we have specified over here, so we are done with this last thing that
we need to take care of this single page application.
Let's do a similar thing over here as well.
OK, so let's hit this point, we are done with all these configurations, and what we should do now
is that let's delete the service configuration.
So vehicle delivery service configuration, let's go to our services that these are services that select
Gateway Service, also select single page app web app.
And now let's delete them.
So they are delighted.
Now it's time to recreate these services as law balances.
So let's go ahead and do that.
For that, we will use cube deployed script.
Let's select the configuration.
So here we have a blade gate with this configuration, and this is so this gate, this service is created,
so that's good.
Now let's go ahead with our single page app and our web.
Single page of time.
Let's go to where that.
So that's also done, servicemember creative, let's verify that.
So get this obvious external balances, and now this has changed from cluster IP to load balancer.
It is still under creation.
Similarly, single page app and web application, they have changed to external load balancing, and
they are also getting created right now, so it will take some time for this load balancer to that configuration
to get applied and an actual external load balancer to be allocated.
So we will wait for that.
So I'm going to post this video.
OK, let's resume again.
So are external or balancers, they have come up.
If you see it vis a vis.
This external load balancer is ready and similarly single page application and web application load
balancers are also ready.
So let's verify that let's click this link.
So let's say this is great service.
There is a part call status that should they're done back, so it is returning back.
It is right now.
The response is coming from a particular port, and because we have only one instance of good results,
so we see that the response is actually coming from one part only.
OK.
But it is the way we are accessing argued.
This, obviously right now is to an external load balancing so we can see this now.
We can access this to internet without knowing the IP addresses of our nodes and without using the North
Pole.
So these are the IP addresses that we can publish to our plane's external clients, and they can make
use of that to connect to our application.
The other ways that we can still use, we won't be able to use Northport.
But if I want to use Northport for, let's say, ElasticSearch, I should be able to use that because
that is still on the Northport.
So these IP addresses?
34, 93 241.
This is different.
And these external load balancer IP addresses are different.
So when we have to access.
Developing systems like ElasticSearch, which we do through Kebano, and if you have to access arteries
through Yegor Query or Brummett years or every time you feel that we will have to use Northport and
for our end user application, you can now access them through external load balancer, a similar thing
we can do for our single page application also.
So that's also accessible through this external load balancer.
So that we have added external load balancers to our configuration, and with that are set up, is production
ready?
Now we need to check if this system will really be able to withstand the load of production will operate
reliably or not.
And if we can upgrade this system or not.
So some of these things, we still need to be checked for high availability or to scaling and rolling
upgrades.
That is something that we are going to do in the next session.